docs: add dependencies and troubleshooting section to build-instructions (#35345)
electron/electron: docs/development/build-instructions-gn.md

$ gclient sync -f
```

This may also happen if you have checked out a branch (as opposed to having a detached head) in `electron/src/`
or some other dependency’s repository. If that is the case, a `git checkout --detach HEAD` in the appropriate repository should do the trick.

### I'm being asked for a username/password for chromium-internal.googlesource.com

If you see a prompt for `Username for 'https://chrome-internal.googlesource.com':` when running `gclient sync` on Windows, it's probably because the `DEPOT_TOOLS_WIN_TOOLCHAIN` environment variable is not set to 0. Open `Control Panel` → `System and Security` → `System` → `Advanced system settings` and add a system variable
`DEPOT_TOOLS_WIN_TOOLCHAIN` with value `0`.  This tells `depot_tools` to use
your locally installed version of Visual Studio (by default, `depot_tools` will
try to download a Google-internal version that only Googlers have access to).

### `e` Module not found

If `e` is not recognized despite running `npm i -g @electron/build-tools`, ie:

```sh
Error: Cannot find module '/Users/<user>/.electron_build_tools/src/e'
```

> ensure that Node is installed through [nvm](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm), rather than through the [website](https://nodejs.org/en/download/)

Reviewer: Since there are other ways to fix this error, I might phrase this slightly differently:
```suggestion
We recommending installing Node through [nvm](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm), so it is easier to manage using multiple versions. This is also often a fix for missing `e` modules.
```

### Certificates fail to verify

> installing [`certifi`](https://pypi.org/project/certifi/) will fix the following error:

Reviewer: Could we add a bit more information about the error this is fixing, and when a user is likely to encounter this (i.e., is there an upstream Python bug that we could link to, so that we'll know if this issue is fixed in the future?)?

Author: Will do!
